within just the last few hours this
article was posted publicly to the
internet button Sen he also created a
YouTube video that communicates
absolutely nothing aside from providing
you with the link to this article but I
assume because you uploaded that article
many people will see it
the article is meandering and a fuss
Kotori it conceals more than it reveals
it neither asks nor answers any of the
questions you may have but by contrast
he's had a few very honest emotionally
over-the-top statements on Twitter that
I think do a better job of explaining
his frame of mind at this stage of his
life and career here he is saying on
Twitter in case you didn't figure it out
kai and I are not polyamorous if you
thought you had a chance with us you
don't you can drop the act
if you aren't here to be strictly
friends you can get out etc he and quite
a series of statements like this
including really kind of vile and
violent statements that he doesn't want
anyone to flirt with them he doesn't
want anyone coming to his life as a
third party he doesn't want anyone
offering to go on a date with him he was
in many ways overturning the hard work
of many years because he's been working
hard for years to set up this kind of
3-way polyamorous life they briefly
achieved it with this young woman named
Billie and that was a huge drama when
that fell apart then they tried very
hard with one woman after another to
replace the role Billie had played to
date other people to bring other people
their life but he's been stating again
not in the most common measured way that
he's completely done with this now he's
been broken or he's been we'd say an
English scared straight quote Paul you
more here's what happens when you think
you want more
monogamy is what happens you realize
everything you wanted has been right in
front of you tire time alright he can
try to be a romantic about this but we
have seen all the stages he has gone
through and you know what one of the
morals of the story is as I've said
again and get in this channel polyamory
is not
for everyone open relationships are not
for everyone and this entire drama is
played out during a period of time in
which an is Sein and his wife later
became his husband they had first one
child and then two children I think no
matter how highly motivated you are to
have an open relationship or live a
polyamorous lifestyle I think you should
recognize that when you have kids like
15 to 20 years you're gonna be living a
de facto monogamous lifestyle
I mean it's so we're responsible to
prioritize your own sex life over family
and job and other things once you have
kids unless you get divorced and live
separately then there's some time for
you to pursue your own sex life and guys
I mean I know I know some people try to
talk two selves into these things like
oh well I could still go on separate
vacations like no you can't no you know
no you can't all right when you're
raising kids and they're in school and
you have a job when you have a vacation
that time is devoted to your kids period
that's your priority and if you instead
say you're gonna leave your kids behind
in a daycare center with a babysitter
it's 9 to go off and sleep with other
people guess what you're a bad person
it's I mean you know there are so many
reasons why open relationships don't
work for people but this is one of them
now their attempt initia and Kai their
attempt to square the circle their
attempt to make something impossible
possible was by incorporating these
other women into their lives having them
live in their homes and having them even
work as babysitters he's always trying
to save people he's really such a saint
hello oh hey Manny oh he was mean to you
again yeah why'd you just move in with
me yeah yeah just like I'll pay your
rent don't worry about it I'll feed you
you don't have to clean up after
yourself or like worry about any kind of
responsibilities
yeah well yeah I would help anybody
of course no I don't know if to ask
Lanie it's fine this is an especially
telling screenshot this is private
correspondence that's been shared
publicly by the woman pictured on the
right
she has been mentioned on this channel
before in discussing and this en I think
her story is indicative in many ways
even though basically nothing happened
she was another one of the young women
that Greg NECN tried to recruit to be
the third party in there supposedly
triangular bisexual relationship back
when his wife identified as a woman so
here she is as Lanie Bhatt and obviously
she's in the middle of complaining about
people saying disparaging things on the
Internet
at the top she comments not really I'm
desensitized and there you have circled
circled in digital ink here she is not
just publicly but privately in a private
conversation with someone who's a
potential romantic partner completely
dismissing the idea that she's having a
sexual relationship with Sarah and Sarah
is at this time under 18 and living in
their house as a kind of live-in
babysitter now here she is just
dismissing as ridiculous the idea that
she herself has a sexual relationship
with Sarah and moreover she's dismissing
as ridiculous the idea that she's
waiting for Sarah to turn 18 before she
can be put into the role of having
sexual relations with both her and Greg
and we all know now in retrospect that
is precisely what happened and there was
there was no question Sarah that they
knew you were underage that this started
and around eleven twelve and continued
and at this point we're talking about
now you were 14 years old there was no
question there there was no role playing
where they thought you're actually 18
that first private message that CAI ever
sent me was hey Sarah how old are you
and
was like 14 and do you end up having a
relationship with Chi um we kind I never
technically dated but we did have a
sexual relationship and how long did did
this come before your sexual
relationship with Greg with the onus Yun
no it happened at the same time so you
were with both greg jackson and chi in a
sex triangle essentially yes did this
attention flattered to you the fact that
they were getting back to you and
communicating with you directly yeah no
I was definitely like oh my gosh I can't
believe that they want me to there they
were just saying they were really giving
me so much attention and I was so young
and so infatuated with them and so it
made me feel so special and like oh my
gosh like this is like meant to be there
you know they're so nice and you know I
kind of just looked up to that in a way
it wasn't really a sexual thing it was
just me like having like an idol you had
contact with somebody who was in your
mind a celebrity is that fair yeah oh no
definitely
and it was look at the peak of his
career too as one guy and I started the
peak of Greg's career when Kai and I
started talking so the first time I ever
saw Greg on FaceTime or something like
that I was I was on FaceTime with Kai
and I was 14 and Kai he as soon as Greg
came in the room turned off the phone
and hung up on me and he said that he
was worried about Greg knowing that he
had a 14 year old friend the statutory
age in a lot of US states in in 16
including Washington State were you
claimed to have lived just saying how
come no one can ever say anything
correctly no one can type things in just
English English is hard hey of he isn't
breaking the law is any of it your
business is he guilty of almost breaking
the law I'm just here hoping to see your
tits ah yes the intelligence of Internet
comments whether or not he's breaking
the legal age of consent is unknown what
is know
is that he preys on very young girls and
grooms them until the point of them
being legal as soon as they become legal
he sleeps with them and then discards
them a couple days after the Iowa
accusations came out we just had sort of
like fun sex I guess and so after that
things just went like from zero to like
a hundred and we were like talking like
sexually they were like talking about me
while like doing stuff and then telling
me about it afterward then it was just
like so I went there on this trip and I
was just kind of like okay like this
isn't actually gonna happen like you
know they're all talk whatever and then
we were watching a movie again one night
and like I look over and I see Greg and
Ty like making out which they've done in
the past like made out with me on the
bed and I was like okay whatever they're
like I'm gonna watch the movie and then
I looked back and they were like
actively having sex and I was like so I
just decided to like mind my own
business and not just saying it just not
say anything dudes like keep my eyes on
the movie and then Greg kind of pulled
me and told me to start doing stuff with
them and you were 18 at this time so
technically this is all legal and you
were able to consent mm-hmm the most
shocking and most recent controversy was
their relationship with Sarah
and I just want to say to my knowledge
they never legally adopted Sarah that's
the misconception
however there were many public
statements in the internet where they
said that they considered her to be like
an adoptive daughter that they
considered her to be you know someone
they would never have a sexual
relationship with they said that again
and again and again and is he and said
that just a couple of days before he did
have sex there when she had just turned
18 they made many many public statements
that their relationship with her was
platonic if not parental in nature and
here we have a statement from Sarah
saying you know during this period of
time when she signed a nondisclosure
agreement with him KY sets the nisshin's
husband Chi Chi was born biological
female formerly his wife now his husband
etc this was when Chi was still the
adult in control of my teenage bank
account that all my money in it
Sara here says I'm not Antion Sen I'm
the girl that was quote like a foster
daughter to you close quote I'm the girl
whose self-esteem you've broken for
years I'm the girl who you built back up
weeks before my 18th birthday so you
could have sex with me I'm the girl
finally snapped my name is Sara so
alright again I recognize that an isiand
obeyed the letter of the law the impacts
of this young woman you can hear it from
her perspective now she just did a
lengthy interview talking about it from
our own perspective
she got deeply involved in their lives
starting at age 14 15 16 17 18
those are years in which people change
and those are years where your
experiences including your romantic
experiences that lets change you
although it is not the main point of
this video I do just want to pause to
draw attention to the fact that if you
read and this Ian's long meandering
self-pitying article about what happened
between him and Sara you know that he
reproaches her for exactly this he
points the finger at her and his main
complaint is you changed he goes so far
it's the most maudlin thing imaginable
to complain I don't even know who you
are anymore
this is the girl who you said it was
like an adoptive daughter to you it was
like your foster daughter between ages
16 and 18 right right if you're involved
with 16 year olds if you're involved
with 18 year olds guess what they're
gonna change right now there are two
types of change one they actually
profoundly change who they really are as
a human being and to the site of their
character they
showed you the the person they are
that's knowable to you that's broadcast
you that can change even more
dramatically right I mean guys you may
be some people watching this video may
be 18 years old right now if you're a
little bit older it may be difficult for
you to remember just how much you
changed year by year and month by month
14 15 16 17 18
those are years of big dramatic changes
and again they're changes for who you
really are and their changes for how
other people see you you may have
changed a lot over two years but then
other people don't recognize that change
they don't realize that change into all
of a sudden you have some kind of
conflict it's like look I'm not that kid
who took ballet lessons anymore I'm not
that kid who used to play Sega Genesis
on the couch anymore that's how you
remember me that's what was a couple
years ago but it's a change so I mean
obviously as always the combination of
an isiand sense of moral purpose and his
fundamentally self-pitying and
self-centered view of the world is is
really incompatible with the horrible
facts of this situation he can't just
come out and say he did wrong he can't
just come out and say he wish he'd done
better II wish he'd had a better option
or something now look uh I currently am
in a relationship with a 26 year old
woman and if someone were to say to me
that hypothetically my whole life would
be better if I were instead in a
situation with a 36 year old woman
someone 10 years older than my
girlfriend it's irrelevant I mean all I
can say is well you know what you got
lemons make lemonade you know you work
with the people you got in life and
there's this really weird reluctance in
the 21st century for people to just
admit that they've done something bad or
wrong or evil and maybe you admit that
was the best they could do for the
sake of this video hypothetically let's
say she's 19 all right I would not make
80 of these [ __ ] excuses I just say
yup this is bad
and terrible and wrong and guess what
there were no 36 year olds who wanted me
this was my circumstance it's bad
you got lemons make lemonade this is the
best that could do and that's it and I
would admit all the disadvantages of the
situation believe me a lot of people
were scented even my current
relationship again she's 26 now she's
not mature for her age she's not a 26
year old who's as mature as she's not
she knows it whatever it is what it is
she's grown a lot she's learned a lot in
this relationship but you know there
have been a lot of friction and a lot of
suffering on a sorrow okay but I mean
there's a sense in which omission is
throwing away every possible reasonable
excuse because he wants to cling to his
sense of moral superiority over his
audience his sense of moral superiority
over all of the women he quote/unquote
rejected because he has to imagine
history of every relationship as being
one in which women pursued him and he
wasn't really addressing them or he
suddenly decided he wasn't interested in
them and then he rejected them and then
he has this sense of moral superiority
because he rejected them this is the
turning point in the article here in
just two relatively brief screenshots
step one for initia is leaning on this
idea of rejection so he claims
all of these insane and untrue
allegations against him reflect the
psychological power of these women
experiencing rejection it's it's deeply
dishonest but the sense in which he's
being honest is that this makes sense to
him believes this and of course the
irony is in many of these cases the
rejection really did go the other way
and what he's demonstrating is just just
how sensitive he
- rejection how he lashes out again and
again when he feels rejected or when he
actually is rejected sometimes right
and now here's step to quote what is
important to note is that sarah has
accused us of being physically intimate
with her while she wasn't told right
so that is reality from Anna's
perspective it's as shallow as simple as
that there are no other considerations
step one is he rejected her
step two is it was legal therefore it's
moral
nothing else is going to be admitted
into consideration here nothing and on
this basis he completely asserts his
moral superiority over the women he
slept with over the audience over
everyone end of story
he complains repeatedly that all of the
women in his life have changed their
story after they hook up with them yeah
but you know what great what when a
woman is in love with you and she only
says flattering things about you while
she's in love with you and then she
quote-unquote changes her story
afterwards the version of the story
afterwards even ten years afterwards it
might actually be more accurate if my
actual people were reasonable this guy
I've been missing with absolutely zero
humor he like he digs up a quote from
Billy the blue haired girl they were in
a relationship with briefly sometime ago
where it's like oh well here's Billy
saying that there was nothing
inappropriate about their relationship
with oh it's Sarah like oh yeah good
good pull their way to dig up that
quotation dude that doesn't prove your
innocence only proves that all the
people who were close to you in your
life were forced to repeat your public
relations mantra the same way there's
another youtuber Billy the fridge even
some of the men in his life they had to
repeat you know the politically
convenient half truths and half lies to
justify this guy's crazy sex life and
keep certain private things private is
owned and that's exactly why now there's
an avalanche of public criticism and
disappointment cuz you lied to everyone
and you lied again and again in
this movie so centered so satisfied
morally superior sanctimonious way you
came out you made those videos innocent
in which you said that you would never
have anything romantic to do with Sarah
you said again and again and again and
then days after she turns eight
turned eighteen you did have something
just to sexually with Sarah
so naturally the public is gonna feel
betrayed and she now I think she's now
nineteen
she's now looking back at the last five
years of her life and she's feeling
betrayed she's feeling left him so again
not the main topic of this video I think
there are also a lot of very tough
questions to be asked with this
so-called
open relationship paradigm alright and
this scene has a primary partner they're
raising kids together if you bring in
this eighteen-year-old girl are you
gonna have kids with her also is she
really gonna be equal I mean there's an
inequality created by age this
inequality created by financial
circumstances you know she's younger and
poorer and less powerful they're all
these different problems but also like
dude if you commit to this like dude if
that's your lady oh so what is she gonna
have two kids with you also are you all
gonna live in houses are you really
gonna be equals are you gonna be equals
deciding what you eat for dinner that
night and no man the one of the few
things I can say about a mission he has
been a really sincere advocate for
vegetarianism his whole life and to some
extent in consistently an advocate for
veganism and you can see here I'll throw
up some screenshots there's a huge
source of conflict between him and his
current wife who became his husband and
guess what it's a huge conflict with all
these chicks he tries to bang all these
chicks he invites Ann to be his live-in
babysitter live in his house and be come
to some extent his second simultaneous
wife in this triangular relationship
right because all he cares about is that
these girls have a pretty face there's
he doesn't give any consideration who
they are morally ethically even
religiously because I mean he's also an
atheist and he's been romancing even
true believing Christians and stuff
they're all meat eaters none of them
even have vegetarianism in common with
them
I'm making YouTube videos that go with
it anyway the guy the guy is shallow to
a fault and again not the main topic of
this video but I think there's a really
interesting thing to examine that
morally I think there is an onus on us
as both men and women to care about more
than just a pretty face you're not
supposed to just love someone for the
way they look you're not supposed to
choose someone for the way they look
whether you're a man or a woman it's an
interesting moral you know obligation
you have to actually care about things
that are more than more than skin-deep
maybe you can only care to a limited
extent don't get me wrong I'm not saying
that means you have a moral obligation
to sleep with people you don't find
attractive but yeah you're supposed to
be doing more than just flipping through
facebook friend requests and Twitter
alerts to see who's got the prettiest
face and then offer them an airplane
ticket and status as a live-in
babysitter in your guest room which is
fun and this attack I did over and over
and over again yeah yeah just like I'll
pay your rent don't worry about it I'll
feed you this whole controversy at every
stage including even the the current
interrogation of initials ex-girlfriends
and survivors them giving these long
public interviews reflecting on their
experiences at every stage of this I
think we've had cause to reflect on the
extent to which all of us are
transphobic in the most profound sense
possible right there's an interesting
little thought exercise we do in
political science and political
philosophy which is hey let's reconsider
this scenario thinking in terms of
responsibilities
rather than rights okay it's very easy
to state the case for trans rights and
then it gets more complex and nuanced if
you start talking about transgender
responsibilities this young woman
formerly Lainey bought who made the
decision to become to identify as a man
using the name Kai all right obviously
she was interested in the type of sex
life she could have once she
transitioned and became male
obviously she's put a lot of effort a
lot of time and energy even a lot of
money into seducing women in her new
role as a self-identified trans man etc
okay I don't think she's given any
thought at all to the responsibilities
she would have in taking on the role of
a man and taking on the identity of a
man there was a comment from Sarah so
Sarah is the younger woman who's now
giving interviews talking about Oh
basically how horrible her life has been
being dominated by kaya great together
there's a comment from her where she
said that she never really told her own
father what had happened with Ana CNN
Kai but that if she did her father would
want to take revenge against an isiand
and that this would be a terrible thing
she claimed her father was some kind of
tough guy I think US Marine Corps
veteran she made that she she
illustrated the fantasy there were
vanished fantasy for people in the
audience in making this this company no
one's talking about Kai being
responsible right everyone just thinks
oh yeah you can just change your
wardrobe change your outfit change your
hair and you know it's understandable
that the trans rights paradigm is mostly
focus on transgendered people you know
avoiding various forms of oppression and
even inconvenience that are created by
society you know that it should be
possible for a transgendered person to
not get fired from their job because
they choose to transition between
genders completely understand that
completely understand that that's like
the first order of business especially
if you live in a very homophobic culture
or very transphobic culture to address
the trans rights movement okay what what
about what about the trans
responsibility Kai formally known as
lady but is this fantastic example of
someone who takes on the male role and
starts instigating these relationships
starts seducing these women sometimes
that the seduction transpired over years
you put years of work into talking to
these women by you know Twitter message
and
and Skype and what-have-you and drawing
them into her life and then buying the
airplane ticket and bring them at their
home she had a long-term game right
she's bringing these women in she's
making them babysit her kids she's
making them act out her sexual fantasies
with her and so on right but absolutely
nobody is looking at this situation as
if moral accountability as if their
responsibility rests on Kai's shoulders
so in a world where everyone seems to
want to blame everyone else I think it's
interesting to examine the implicit
transphobia in the fact that nobody is
blaming Kai or no one's holding you
accountable the same extent is that hold
Gregg general I think fundamentally
because we all know kai can't get
someone pregnant